snac/snynmset.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
snac/snswp3d.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
snac/snreflect.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
snac/snpnmset.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
snac/snnext.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
snac/snneed.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
snac/snmref.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
snac/snmoments.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
snac/snflwxyz.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
	mods/nvtx_mod.o\
	mods/GPUhelper_mod.o
snac/sccsearch.o : \
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
snac/getDownStreamData.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
snac/fixZone.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
snac/findseeds.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
snac/cyclebreaker.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
snac/JacobiLobattoPts.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
snac/Jacobi.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
snac/GaussLegendreLobattoWgts.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
rt/zone_coords.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/testFluxConv.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        misc/mpi_param_mod.o\
        misc/mpif90_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_list_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_mod.o
rt/setbdy.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ProfileList_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
rt/setIncidentFlux.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/Communicator_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
rt/rtstrtsn.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/rtquad.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
rt/rtplnk.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
rt/rtorder.o : \
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
rt/rtmainsn.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_list_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/radconstant_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o
rt/rtgeom3.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/rtconv.o : \
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_list_mod.o\
        misc/mpi_param_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        misc/mpif90_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/rtconi.o : \
        mods/iter_control_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_list_mod.o\
        misc/mpi_param_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        misc/mpif90_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/rtcompton.o : \
        mods/radconstant_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/rtave.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/rswpmd.o : \
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/quadxyz.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureData_mod.o
rt/quadProduct.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureData_mod.o
rt/quadLobatto.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
rt/initcomm.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Communicator_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
rt/getAbsorptionRate.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/findexit.o : \
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/Communicator_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
rt/findReflectedAngles.o : \
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
rt/face_coords.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
rt/exchange.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Communicator_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
rt/bdyedt.o : \
        mods/Editor_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        misc/mpi_param_mod.o\
        misc/mpif90_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
rt/UpdateTemperature.o : \
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/radconstant_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
rt/SweepScheduler.o : \
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/Communicator_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
rt/InitExchange.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Communicator_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
control/rtvsrc.o : \
        mods/ProfileList_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Profile_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
control/rtinit.o : \
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        misc/mpi_param_mod.o\
        misc/mpif90_mod.o\
        mods/radconstant_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
control/rtedit.o : \
        mods/Editor_mod.o\
        misc/mpi_param_mod.o\
        mods/radconstant_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        misc/mpif90_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
control/rtbdry.o : \
        mods/ProfileList_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Profile_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
control/rtbatch.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o
control/radtr.o : \
        mods/TimeStepControls_mod.o\
        mods/radconstant_mod.o\
        mods/ProfileList_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
control/profint.o : \
        mods/TimeStepControls_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/radconstant_mod.o\
        mods/ProfileList_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Profile_mod.o
control/newenergy.o : \
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
control/dtnew.o : \
        mods/TimeStepControls_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_list_mod.o\
        misc/mpi_param_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        misc/mpif90_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
control/advanceRT.o : \
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/radconstant_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/Editor_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o\
	mods/GPUhelper_mod.o\
	snac/snswp3d.o
control/RadMoments.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/radconstant_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
aux/setZone.o : \
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
aux/setTimeStep.o : \
        mods/TimeStepControls_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/setSnOrder.o : \
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o
aux/setMaterialModule.o : \
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/setGeometry.o : \
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
aux/setEnergyEdits.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Editor_mod.o
aux/setEditorModule.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/Editor_mod.o
aux/getRunStats.o : \
        mods/TimeStepControls_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_list_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_mod.o\
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/getGeometry.o : \
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
aux/getEdits.o : \
        mods/Editor_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_list_mod.o\
        mods/TimeStepControls_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/addProfile.o : \
        mods/ProfileList_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/addBoundary.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
aux/ResetSize.o : \
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/ConstructSize.o : \
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/ConstructQuadrature.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o
aux/ConstructProfile.o : \
        mods/ProfileList_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/ConstructMaterial.o : \
        mods/Material_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/ConstructIterControls.o : \
        mods/iter_control_list_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/ConstructGeometry.o : \
        mods/Geometry_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/ConstructEditor.o : \
        mods/Editor_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/ConstructDtControls.o : \
        mods/TimeStepControls_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
aux/ConstructBoundary.o : \
        mods/BoundaryList_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
misc/mpif90_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        misc/mpi_param_mod.o
misc/mpi_param_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o
misc/f90fatal.o : \
        mods/io_mod.o
misc/f90advise.o : \
        mods/io_mod.o
misc/assert.o : \
        mods/io_mod.o
mods/radconstant_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o
mods/iter_control_mod.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/io_mod.o
mods/iter_control_list_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/iter_control_mod.o\
        mods/io_mod.o
mods/constant_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o
mods/ZoneData_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o
mods/TimeStepControls_mod.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
mods/Size_mod.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
mods/Quadrature_mod.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Communicator_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
mods/QuadratureList_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
mods/QuadratureData.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
mods/Profile_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o
mods/ProfileList_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Profile_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/constant_mod.o
mods/Material_mod.o : \
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
mods/Geometry_mod.o : \
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/ZoneData_mod.o
mods/Editor_mod.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o
mods/Communicator_mod.o : \
        mods/constant_mod.o\
        misc/mpif90_mod.o\
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        misc/mpi_param_mod.o
mods/Boundary_mod.o : \
        mods/Size_mod.o\
        mods/QuadratureList_mod.o\
        mods/Quadrature_mod.o
mods/BoundaryList_mod.o : \
        mods/kind_mod.o\
        mods/Boundary_mod.o
